c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\obj\Debug\FST.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\obj\Debug\FST.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\obj\Debug\FST.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\bin\Debug\FST.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\bin\Debug\FST.pdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_green.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.xml
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.xml
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\obj\Debug\FST.Extensions.DataEntryCell.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\obj\Debug\FST.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\obj\Debug\FST.pdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\obj\Debug\FST.Extensions.NavigateNextCell.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\obj\Debug\FST.Tools.CheckMeshSize.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\obj\Debug\FST.Tools.CheckMeshSize.InfoPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST\obj\Debug\FST.Tools.CheckMeshSize.ResultPage.xaml.g.cs
