c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\FST.Android.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\FST.Android.pdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\FST.Android.apk
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\FST.Android-Signed.apk
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\FST.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_green.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.lib.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\FST.pdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.xml
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.xml
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll.mdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\FST.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\FST.Android.dll
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\FST.Android.pdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\FST.Android.apk
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\FST.dll.mdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\next.png
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\info.png
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\next.png
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\info.png
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\next.png
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\info.png
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\next.png
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\info.png
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\bin\Debug\FST.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FST.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FST.dll.mdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\SQLite-net.dll.mdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\kcsorensen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fire Safety Tools App\FST\FST.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
